tomato -0 star 
cactus -0 star 
onion -0 star 
pomegranate -0 star 
radish -0 star 
sawflower -0 star 
slingshot -0 star
cabbage -0 star 
lumberjack -0 star
vines -0 star
farmer -1 star 
strawberry - 1 star 
gnome -1 star
eggplant -1 star
potato -1 star
aloevera -1 star
pineapple cannon â€”1 star
rolling log -1 star
dragon fruit -1 star
scarecrow -1 star
dandelion -1 star
spikeroot - 1 star
cherries -2 star
pumpkin -2 star
ghost pepper -2 star
money tree -2 star
slapleaf -2 star
stemstrike -2 star
bamboo -2 star
rose trap -2 star
mushroom -2 star
applepult -2 star 
baby carrots -2 star
durian -2 star
grandma -2 star
kiwi cannon -2 star
venus floortrap -2 star
drillbulb -2 star
boombulb -3 star
fruit molotov -3 star
broccoli -3 star
palm tree -3 star
twilight pod -3 star
inferno stump -3 star
sonic bloom -3 star
lemon tree -3 star
drone -3 star
pak choi-3 star 
umbra -3 star 
garden fairy -3 star 
repair worker -4 star
speed sprinkler -4 star
lawnmower -4 star
blackberries -4 star
blueberries -4 star
fan flower -4 star
peas in a pod -4 star
plasmaspore -4 star
walnut -4 star
watermelon -4 star 
potshade -4 star
sunflower -4 star
laser plant -4 star
prismleaf -5 star
icebuds -5 star 
mango cluster -5 star 
stun flower -5 star 
rafflesia -5 star 
ballistic banana -5 star
confusion plant -5 star
lucky clover -5 star 
tiki tower -5 star 
electroleaf -5 star
lil stump -5 star 
passion shooter -5 star 
pyropetal -5 star
sporefang -5 star 
beehive -5
bubble plant -5 star 
petalray -5 star 
venus flytrap -5 star
bloodvine -5 star 
pesticider -5 star 
seed mech -5 star 
atomic pepper -5 star 
shadestool -6 star 
electric beetroot -6 star 
boomberries -6 star 
fisherman -6 star 
galactic shroom -6 star 
doompetal -6 star 
rafflesia -5 star 
chilly pepper -6 star 
double sunflower -6 star 
gnomeblitz-6 star 
grapes -6 star 
echosonic bloom -6 star 
hellroot -6 star
timekeeper -6 star 
elemental bloom -6 star 
carrotastrophe -6 star 
voltshade -6 star 
big mushroom -6 star 
golem -6 star 
corn -6 star 
juggercorn -6 star 
blossom barrage -6 star 
ooga booga -6 star 
earth dragon -6 star 
budstrike -6 star 
dual blasterbud -6 star 
rosebeam -6 star 
daisy -1 star 
linkberry -2 star 
caulicannon -2 star 
ufo seedling -3 star 
robo flower -4 star 
mudmauler -5 star
astral blossom -6 star
vine hair -2 star
bamboo pirate -2 star
wisteria -2 star 
garden alien -3 star
stretch plant -5 star 
rainbow dandelion -2 star
auranji -5 star 
beamstalk -6 star 
egg plantinum -6 star 
super sprout -5 star

